note;; If youre reading this because youre actually keeping track of this useless project on my github, this is a collection of rp involved in a dnd game. This me being lazy and only really providing security through obscurity.

-----

Hey Mom (session 1)
I was wandering around looking for a small job to do and saw that the king wanted someone to fight undead.. you always wanted me to do something for the country, so I went to the castle like the signs asked. 

We had a fight with some guards to prove my worth, so I punched up a guy really good! 

I met some new people, one could throw explosions, and one other that could do cool tricks with water, and the other had this flashy sword she waved around and even a pet dog, but the dog went away before I could pet him

Then they wanted me to fight some other people too, in a competition. Mom said I shouldnt be mean to elves, so I punched the really armored woman, her armor hurt my fists :c but then my friends were in danger so I had to hit some elves. I think its ok though, because they all got up afterwards and didnt seem angry.

We got congratulated and went to the castle to rest for a bit. Their dining hall is huge! Could fit so many twenties of people, maybe twenty twenties of people!!

Anyway I went back to my room is soooo far away this place is huge too but its ok the walls are made of really solid stone and everything is really fancy and heavy, and this bed is sooo tall and comfy I think I am gonna lay on it a bit

-----

Hey Em 
Im still here looking for you. Its been a while, but Ive found more .. well, places you arent. Some days its hard, I try to remember every morning why I am fighting. Try to keep your eyes, and your laugh in my memories. <the ink here is smudged with tears> Today I had a chance to speak with the Duke at Ravengro, who offered some small help, a blankety blank blank who helped me retrace my steps as long as I can remember, helping me get a real starting point! It looks like we were separated somewhere here, [included is a somewhat poorly copied map of the surrounding area] and and.. Well, I dont know. I was just really excited to finally get a chance to get some real information I guess. Oh, yeah, they also had a painter who was able to help me draw your face from memory so I can ask people for help looking. But its nice to have a permanent image to remember you by. <more ink smudges here> 

-----